FLATLINERS (working title)

The setting: present day, present time. You don't seem to understand, but for all anyone cares, the optimism of the early 2000s is
further away than the turn of the next century. The constant rumble of the distant Maracaibo lightning is drowned out by the sounds of
the metropolis; once an isolated community, the __ Unified State is the product of South American, East Asian, and European ambitions.
Locals just call it Nexus City. Ostensibly, it's run by the République, and their military police, the Securétat. In truth, they and
everyone else are puppets of the mega-corporations that have made this place their testing ground. Let's face it, under the Securétat and
their masters, everyone in Nexus City — from the local gangs to the legal citizens — is guilty of something. But those who are especially
guilty are referred to as Flatliners... criminals with a slim life expectancy; criminals whose talents mean they never work for free.

...criminals like you.
	
Please be aware this is a work in progress and does not represent the final product!
If you notice that a section is missing or unclear, please leave a note. Thank you for your understanding and enjoy!


CONTENTS
Introduction
Characters
	Adjectives
	Actions
	Roles
	Building a Character
Objects
	Object Tags
	Augmentations
	Terminals
	Drones
	Vehicles
	Weapons
Dice
	Rounds and Turns
	Riot Mode
World
	Factions
	Contracts
	Targets
	Non-Player Characters
	Random Encounters
	Locales
	Timeline


ADJECTIVES
Adjectives are applied to a character or object any time their status changes significantly; this can happen naturally or can be
forced through the use of Actions; Adjectives have three states: Fleeting, Enduring, and Perpetual
	FLEETING Adjectives are applied for only a few turns at most and are removed on their own
	ENDURING Adjectives are applied for a longer period and require Action to remove
	PERPETUAL Adjectives are applied until the cause is completely replaced, overwritten, or destroyed
For gameplay and story purposes, there is no limit on which adjectives can or cannot be applied, but please try to stick to
Adjectives that don't explicitly connote a certain degree of severity (e.g. “wounded” instead of “bruised/broken” etc.)
Adjectives are influenced by Actions, Objects and Dice

Examples of Adjectives (feel free to use ones not on this list):
	Alert
	Broken
	Calm
	Confused
	Distracted
	Disarmed
	Damaged
	Fast
	Fatigued
	Focused
	Glitched
	Hidden
	Intimidated
	Jammed
	Locked
	Resilient
	Shocked
	Wounded


ACTIONS
Actions are divided into broad categories and are used primarily in puzzle-solving and turns of Contention and Reaction instead of
role-play/acting; the rating defines the level of skill; each rating implicitly applies to a style of the respective action and must
be specified by the player
	Average rating			ordinary, never-been-trained-before citizens can do this
	Competent rating		self-taught hobbyists not trying to earn steady cash can do this
	Professional rating		experts with a profitable business to maintain can do this
	Master rating			only Gladwellian 野郎 (yarou) with too much fucking free time can do this

Core Action Categories
	MOVE: running, dodging, jumping, climbing, dancing, etc; if you're using a significant portion of your body, you're moving
	COMPEL: talking sweet, talking shit, and everything in between, but not limited to words...
	HACK: if there's a weakness in something, this is how you exploit it; one of the most valuable skills, limited only by your
		creativity and patience
	FIGHT: using all manner of bladed, blunt, brutal, and sometimes boring objects to beat the hydraulic fluid out of someone,
		though most people will stick to their fists
	CONCEAL: avoiding unwanted attention through overt or covert means, masters of this are usually hiding something else too
	OPERATE: the best and biggest things in life take a certain type of knowhow to use; if it can't be brute-forced or hacked,
		it usually needs to be operated (yes this includes firearms ya wee space slice)
	OBSERVE: finding items, people, places, and generally interesting things, from the vague and abstract to the objectively solid
	TREAT: relieving if not outright curing the various ailments of the flesh, mind, and their respective peripherals


ROLES (pre-sets)
The typical range of freelancing employment in Nexus City changes with tech innovations, seasons, and trends of violence, but can be
narrowed down to these professions in one form or another. Who you are is at least in part defined by what you can do — which is
limited only by what you’re good at. There’s a market for everything from makeup to murder in Nexus City. The following roles receive 
Professional status for the actions listed.

	Traçeur: acrobats and couriers who are by no means combat experts, but they know how to avoid trouble, reaching their destination
	in a timely and mostly intact manner
	(e.g. Faith, Mirror’s Edge)
		Actions:
			Move
			Conceal

	Handler: merchantmen and smugglers with the network and knowledge to turn a profit, getting their hands on anything they or their
	desperate clientele need
	(e.g. Case, Neuromancer)
		Actions:
			Compel
			Conceal

	Splicer: lockpicks, phreaks, and cipherpunks with the tools to see what's behind every obstacle, their playful addiction to solving
	puzzles is their best and worst trait
	(e.g. Radical Edward, Cowboy Bebop)
		Actions:
			Hack
			Operate

	Rōnin: while the modern-day street samurai has an admittedly short life expectancy, they’re not to be trifled with and are usually
	the cause for every headline with a kill count
	(e.g. John Wick, John Wick)
		Actions:
			Fight
			Operate

	Creep: vandals, gangsters, and thieves in the shadier parts of town who always have a side hustle, but tend to prefer ruining
	their unlucky victim’s outfit and life in one go
	(e.g. Asimov, Cowboy Bebop)
		Actions:
			Conceal
			Fight

	Agent: as it turns out, hunting down leads and hunting down cash mean pretty much the same thing, and if there's something
	missing, count on them finding it
	(e.g. Rick Deckard, Blade Runner)
		Actions:
			Observe
			Compel

	Idol: in the era of the Information Flood, being an entertainer means doing everything: singing, dancing, cracking jokes, and
	generally winning the hearts of their audience
	(e.g Kira~! Miki, VA-11 Hall-A)
		Actions:
			Compel
			Move

	Labrat: scientists and doctors of every kind skilled in the arts of surgery, chemistry, and biotechnology, just don’t ask if they
	have a license to do what they’re good at
	(e.g. Makise Kurisu, Steins;Gate)
		Actions:
			Treat
			Operate

	Pilot: always on the move and never far from a steering wheel or control stick, pilots nevertheless are gifted with strong
	instincts and reflexes
	(e.g. Shotaro Kaneda, Akira)
		Actions:
			Operate
			Observe
			
BUILDING A CHARACTER
	1. Write in three Adjectives that define your character, mark each one as Perpetual
	2. Choose two Actions to define your character's Role; these Actions get +2 (marked Professional; the above pre-set Roles list
		which Actions receive this status)
	3. Roll a Legacy die (1d6); if it exceeds 5, add +1 to either of these Actions (upgrading it to Master)
	4. Choose a third, separate Action to receive +1 as a minor (marked Competent)
	5. Choose an object, adjective, or specific action within an Action category to declare a skill in that Action (e.g. if you
		selected “Hack” as one of your actions, what is your character particularly good with?)
	6. As an alternative, you may choose to ignore steps 2-5; add +1 (Competent) to every Action without specifying an object,
		adjective, or type of action ("Renaissanceur" role)
	7. Optional: declare a faction (see Factions list on p.11; if no faction, default to “Radical”)
	NOTE: Your character will be awarded items and contacts by the GM based on actions, personality, and if you have one, their
	background; this is at the GM’s discretion — but don’t hesitate to negotiate!


OBJECTS
Object Tags:
Physical things that can be manipulated by characters in a narrative are assigned tags to clarify their size, function, and
behavior. Many objects share tags as categorical descriptors but are not necessarily identical. It is up to the Game Master, and
to a lesser extent, the players, to determine how objects differ and how they can be applied.
		Small: easily portable/concealable (items); compact (vehicles)
		Oversize: very obvious - bulky/heavy/loud
		Cyber: network-accessible and electronic/mechanical
		GPS: transmits location
		Augment: integrated physical body modification
		Electric: deals electric damage
		Heat: deals heat damage
		Concussion: deals push damage
		Bladed: deals cutting/piercing damage
		Automatic: firearms only - fast/very fast fire rate
		Bolt action: firearms only - slow fire rate
		Drone: autonomous or remote-control capable
		Crewed: requires multiple Operators or Pilots (contextual)
		Tank: vehicles only - armored and durable
		Walker: leg-driven
		Hover: repulsor-driven
		VTOL: vertical take-off and landing capable
		Transport: carries multiple non-crew passengers
		Legal: requires paperwork but won’t get you instantly detained or shot
		Custom: some or all aspects are locked/unique, usually blackmarket

Stock Augmentations (if you don’t like these, use your imagination!):
The lines between the medical and digital industries have become increasingly blurred. Biohacking is no longer a philosophy, but a means
of survival. After the passing of the McKnight PAN Micro-Augmentation Act, one in three residents of Nexus City possesses some kind of
augmentation.

	Neural patches (augment, cyber)
		Personal Access Node (legal)		at-will mental link/communicator/metro card
		Neural Entry/Retreat Vector suite	hardware supplement for intrusion protocols
		Synthetic protein catalyst		improved multitasking capability
		Internal data module			discreet information, protocol, and software storage

	Artificial senses (augment)
		Heads-up display (cyber)		navigation, ballistics tracking, and face recognition
		Dynamic eye				CHOOSE FROM:: zoom; limited-depth x-ray; thermal imager; low-light intensifier
		Chemical isolyzer			enhanced smell/taste, composition analysis
		Resonator				enhanced hearing, modified speech

	Limb attachment/replacement (augment)
		Universal interface adaptor		connect to almost anything, anywhere
		Manual exponentiator			increased operating speed on older terminals
		Stilt-blade (small, bladed)		gesture-activated dagger
		Steelfiber muscle			increased strength
		Utility arm (small)			tertiary all-purpose limb
		Taser grip (electric)			electrocuting touch
		Shock dampeners				reduce impact damage

	Prosthetic/concealed functions (augment, custom)
		Small storage compartment		he wants room service, just give it to him
		Currency breech-loader (bolt-action)	￥£$
		Peptide synthesizer			accelerated healing factor

Terminals:
Despite the proliferation of integrated technology and augmentations, the average Nexus City resident doesn’t have a lot of Đebt to throw
around. Those that can’t acquire dangerously modified wetware modules on the black market stick to the old-fashioned cyberdeck; only the
truly desperate hold on to their obsolete terminals.
	SunShyne Lambda Cx19 (custom, cyber)		specialist briefcase-sized computer
	SunShyne Theta Vx7 (small, cyber)		modular datapad, all-purpose
	Izumi-Ikeda Dataglass (small, cyber)		augmented reality lenses

Drones:
	Cicada (small, drone, VTOL)			insectoid remotely operated vehicle
	Tachikoma (drone, tank, walker)			versatile spider-tank with room for one
	Acosador ( drone, walker)			mechanized combat familiar

Vehicles:
	Switchblade (small)				folding backpack motorcycle
	PLACEHOLDER (small)				exotic motorcycle
	Volpe (small)					all-terrain motorcycle
	Toro (small)					derby swoop bike
	Cazador (small, hover)				elegant, fashionable swoop bike
	PLACEHOLDER					two-passenger cruise motorcycle
	Avispa (small, VTOL)				utility ornithopter
	Cobra (walker, tank)				everyday riot suppressor
	Nova (hover)					all-purpose sedan transport
	Valkyrie PVD (small, crewed, transport)		standard police vehicle
	Einherjar (oversize, tank, crewed, transport)	personnel carrier/mobile command
	Fafnir (VTOL, crewed)				fixed-wing utility jet
	Condor (VTOL, crewed)				rotary-wing gun platform
	Carcharodon (oversize, VTOL, crewed, transport)	crisis-response personnel carrier

Mêlée weapons:
Outside the realm of legally-questionable weaponry augmentations lie the affordable and reliable weapons the everyday resident employs to
defend themselves from gangsters, thieves, and shady merchants — against the Riot Squads though, one might as well be wielding a piece of
chipboard
	Víbora garrote (small, electric)		multipurpose assassin’s tool
	Baton (small)					police have been using this for centuries
	Osc blade (small, bladed, heat)			buzzes like a toothbrush, burns like a barbeque
	Market saber (small, bladed)			ever seen a switchsword?
	Mantis (custom)					spring-loaded whip with a nasty bite
	Digidisc (small, bladed, heat)			the dev was out of ideas so they ripped off Tron
	Katana (oversize, bladed)			surprisingly useful antique, needs no explanation
	Cricket bat					are you kidding me, a f*cking cricket bat??
	Magstaff (oversize)				the Big Stick; or, double the bludgeons for double the fun

Firearms:
Military industries have “crowdsourced” their testing phases by selling their product to anyone with the money to buy. Since most firearms
(and the licenses to carry them) are expensive, even on the black market, they have become lethal status symbols
	Blister PDW (small, automatic, heat)		light, high-capacity handgun
	Shamrock PDW (small, concussion)		double-barrel heavy handgun
	Nitro PDW (small, cyber)			networked gas-powered handgun
	Unagi SMG (small, automatic, electric)		short-range taser gun
	Tarantula SMG (small, automatic, custom)	shrapnel gun
	Uppercut Shotgun (automatic, concussion)	rotary magazine
	Hammer Shotgun (oversize, heat)			tRipeL-BaRuL rOkSaLT
	PLACEHOLDER
	PLACEHOLDER
	Scorpion Rifle (oversize, automatic, heat)	precision laser rifle
	Mantícora Rifle (automatic, custom)		double-barrel bolt rifle
	Cáscara (cyber, custom)				networked ballistic launcher
	Ráfaga AP (oversize, custom)			messy acoustic anti-materiel rifle
	Bodkin AP (oversize, bolt action, custom)	magnetic induction anti-tank rifle

Utility armaments:
	Grappler
	PLACEHOLDER
	PLACEHOLDER
	PLACEHOLDER
	Suppressor (suppressed)
	Airburst ammunition (explosive)
	Chem ammunition (irradiating)
	HV ammunition (armor-piercing)
	IR/NV sight (enhanced)
	Passthrough receiver (extended magazine)
	EM floating stock (stabilized)


DICE
All dice used will be six-sided dice unless in special cases at the GM’s discretion. For players, there are three kinds of dice:
Action dice (blue), Risk dice (yellow/purple), and Hurt dice (red)

	Action dice are rolled any time a player attempts something that requires a given degree of skill; for each attempt, the player
		is given one Action die for each skill rating above Average in the category they are trying to perform. If the player’s
		skill rating is Average, they must use a Risk die instead.

	Risk dice (bonuses) are rolled any time a player needs to push the limits of their mind or body. Risk dice are not used for every
		attempt; instead, at the beginning of each Round, the player is awarded a certain number of Risk dice based on items,
		adjectives, and other relevant factors that could boost their chances of success. The player may then choose to spend any
		number of Risk dice on any attempt, at their discretion. The remaining Risk dice are cleared at the end of a Round, and new
		ones are awarded at the next based on the circumstances.

	Hurt dice (penalties) are rolled any time a player is working against a disadvantage. Hurt dice are awarded like Risk dice at the
		beginning of each round for adjectives and factors that force the player to push harder. Unlike Risk dice, Hurt dice do
		not clear at the end of the Round, and additional ones can be accrued depending on how badly the player’s attempts go. By
		default, one Hurt die is added to the player’s roll for each negative Adjective rating.

	On their turn, the player begins by declaring which Action they will perform and which factors they will take advantage of to aid
		in their effort, rolling the appropriate number of Action, Risk, and Hurt dice.

	When rolling, no math is necessary - the highest Action or Risk die is the result. However, if any Hurt dice are rolled, they will
	cancel Action/Risk dice that match their shown value.

	Failures occur by rolling a 1 on Action or Risk dice. Hurt dice cannot fail on their own, but will compound failed rolls on Action
	and Risk dice.

		An Action die that fails, fails safely - attacks miss; targets flee an extra few feet; guards are unconvinced. Another
			attempt can be performed immediately with no consequence.

		A Risk die that fails, fails successfully - a software hack punches through defensive measures, but results in neural
			feedback; a car chase ends with both vehicles disabled. The attempt was successful, at a certain cost.

		A Hurt die that fails, fails catastrophically - a mid-firefight surgery kills the patient; a clever disguise actually
			draws more attention. The attempt failed, and further attempts are now more likely to fail.


FACTIONS
	Securétat (city gov & police)
		The military arm of the République, the Sécuretat do not keep Nexus City safe; they keep it orderly. Disorder and chaos
		are coutnerproductive to the corporations that bring money to the Nexus, and so as long as the corps hold power, the
		Securétat enforce the twisted laws that keep them getting paid. ID checks, bloc raids, and arrests are conducted seemingly
		at random. Vicious riot suppression squads have become a regular and feared sight. Curfews are not unusual either.
		
	Ink Bastards (street gang - scavengers)
		A motley collection of dumpster divers and hoarders, the Ink Bastards are infamous for taking the most useless trash and
		flipping it on the black market for millions of Đebt. Few can repair hardware or cook software like they can, and their
		trawler gangs feature some of the best appraisers around. Be wary when dealing with them however; while their tech is
		always top notch, they will rob unsuspecting victims at the first chance they get.
		
	Fenrir (street gang - arms dealers)
		Goons of the oldest and best-known crime family; it pays to be among the ranks of the Fenrir. Even the lowliest thug
		adheres to a strict code of honor. Disobedience means an ugly death by the newest prototype. Rumors say instead of selling
		experimental firearms, they sell publicity: that they are on the payroll of an international weapons ring raining top
		dollar to see their latest steel in action on the streets.

	Birdeaters (street gang - motorcycles)
		Those with money to spend and places to be usually get their thrills from modifying and racing vehicles - namely, the
		motorcycle and swoop bike. The most prolific group of these rebellious racers is the Birdeater gang, which made its name
		terrorizing motorists and police patrols on the long stretches of pavement in the Pulse Sector and the mountains to the
		west.

	SunShyne Global (zaibatsu - fabricators) // BLACKLISTED
		A household name for the past fifty years, SunShyne has commodified the user experience. The pinnacle of their
		achievements: androids for nearly every purpose. Despite their success, the global manufacturer continues to experiment
		radically with materials, scripts, and engineering, frequently commissioning freelance terminal jockeys and garage
		tinkerers to produce truly masterful designs. The exceptionally-talented chosen few are never given limited-term contracts,
		are never offered a chance to refuse, and are never seen again.
			Logo: golden sunburst

	Wikus-Gibson Conglomerate (zaibatsu - medicine/biotech)
		Despite being in legal hot water for alleged experiments in cloning, the Wikus-Gibson Conglomerate remains the most trusted
		medical provider in the Nexus. It has done so by becoming the only medical provider, fiercely eradicating competition
		through aggressive marketing, cutthroat billing and payment plans, and also by flooding the market with every biological
		innovation they can get away with, legal or otherwise.
			Logo: stylized electrocardiograph “WG”

	Aeschylus Industries (zaibatsu - weapons R&D)
		Aeschylus Industries creates armaments the same way the high fashion industry creates clothes - with cunning, an eye for
		beauty, and a staggering amount of labor exploitation. One of the first to set up shop in the Nexus, Aeschylus has gotten
		away with a bloody history by reserving its best tech for the Securétat.
			Logo: Spartan "A" in closed circle
			
	Minerva Laboratory (zaibatsu - unknown) // BLACKLISTED
		Though not much is publicly available on this organization, it’s clear that Minerva is military-affiliated, operating on
		both of the independent Intralogic orbital research centers. Conspiracies abound as to their projects, motives, and the
		possible omission of more information than what’s already suspected...


CONTRACTS
For flatliners and others in the freelancing business, cash-flow is never guaranteed. Thankfully the most desperate and/or successful in
the Nexus don't have the time to do their dirty work themselves, so it gets outsourced for a reasonable price.
	Delivery
	Recon
	Exchange
	Apprehend
	Rescue
	Steal
	Blackmail
	Sabotage
	Escape
	Hunt
	Guard
	Race


	Contract Targets
		Person of Interest
		Contraband
		Hardware/software
		Wetware
		Information
		Vehicle
		High-value art
		Physical cash
		Medical goods
		Prototype
		

NON-PLAYER CHARARACTERS (Non-specific, faction-aligned)
	Rank 1: light and fast; delivers messages and performs scouting missions
	Rank 2: most common; tasked with everyday legwork such as patrolling
	Rank 3: called in for dangerous situations involving multiple threats
	Rank 4: present for large disturbances that have escalated past ordinary status
	Rank 5: commanding rank assigned to specific regions

	Ink Bastards
		1. Runner
		2. Salvager
		3. Punisher
		4. Berserker
		5. Foreman

	Securétat
		1. Courier
		2. Officer
		3. Régulier
		4. Enforcer
		5. Commandant

	Fenrir
		1. Mule
		2. Collector
		3. Bruiser
		4. Cleaner
		5. Lieutenant
		
	Zaibatsus
		1. Drone
		2. Technician
		3. Repossessor
		4. Engineer
		5. Executive
		
	Birdeaters
		1. Scout
		2. Vandal
		3. Hunter


Random Encounters
	Securétat (city gov & police):
		Securétat personnel are vigilant but typically not hostile unless attacked or witness an act of crime. Securétat presence
		is virtually none in high-level crime sectors except in large groups. Securétat attention when present will vary
		depending on status:
			Alert: officers are on standby for crime, will respond with detention
			Guard: Officers are watchful for civil unrest, will respond with force
			Patrol: officers are searching for suspicious behaviour, will respond with lethal force
			Raid/Pursuit: officers are hunting wanted targets, will respond with lethal force
			Riot Ban: if declared, officers have permission to fire on any citizen breaking curfew

		Roll d100 to generate mobile Securétat in a given location:
			10%	  <10	:: No Securétat presence
			5%	11-15	:: Securétat Officers; vehicular (Cazador)
			15%	16-30	:: Securétat Officers in pairs
			15%	31-45	:: Securétat Officers in pairs; vehicular (Nova)
			15%	46-60	:: Securétat Valkyrie containing 4 Réguliers
			10%	61-70	:: Securétat Réguliers in groups of 1d6 + 3
			10%	71-80	:: Securétat Enforcers in groups of 1d6 + 6
			5%	81-85	:: Securétat Einherjar containing 2d6 Enforcers, 1 Commandant
			5%	86-90	:: Securétat Cobra accompanied by 1d6 Enforcers, 1 Commandant
			5%	91-95	:: Securétat Condor containing 1d6 Réguliers
			5%	96<	:: Securétat Carcharodon containing 3d6 Enforcers, two Commandants
    
    		Roll d100 to generate static Securétat in a given location:
			20%	  <20	:: Securétat Kōban containing 1d6 Officers
			30%	21-50	:: Securétat Checkpoint accompanied by 1d6 + 2 Officers
			20%	51-70	:: Securétat Roadblock accompanied by 1d6 Réguliers, 1 Valkyrie
			15%	71-85	:: Securétat Riot Line comprised of 3d6 Enforcers
			10%	86-95	:: Securétat Nest containing 2 Couriers (equipped with Ráfaga)
			5%	95<	:: Securétat Command Post containing

	Visa Residents (tourists and foreign investors)
		Those who come to Nexus City for fun have different standards than the rest. They’re typically not friendly or trustworthy,
		preferring instead to mind their own business above all else. However, the culture shock of the Nexus can lead to
		embarrassing mistakes - missing items (stolen more often than not), poor business decisions, and smeared reputations
		sometimes require the intervention of a knowledgeable local to set right. Visa residents will ignore others by default
		unless it is in their best interest
			
	Contract Residents (non-criminal lowlife)
		Working in Nexus City is not easy, and living is even harder. Those with the nerve to do so have learned the art of keeping
		their head down, avoiding the attention of gangs and law enforcement, while still looking out for their neighbors. The wage
		slaves, debt brokers, and indentured specialists who originally came to the Nexus to make their fortune now fight each day
		to keep their heads above the financial waters. Contract residents, though cautious, will try to lend a hand to familiar
		faces depending on their disposition.
			
	Ink Bastards (street gang - salvagers)
		Ink Bastards are initially wary but become more and more provocative in numbers.

	Fenrir (street gang - arms dealers)
    		The gangsters of the Fang crime family take an oath to always represent the interests of their employer. Everyone, from the
		pack leaders to the pups, wear the Fenrir brand with pride even when considered "off-duty". Insults to any of them
		personally is an insult to the Fenrir collectively, and vice versa. When directing operations on their own turf or in the
		field, the Fangs spare neither expense nor talent. Fenrir tend to prefer specialized and efficient teams to cut down on
		personnel costs.

    		Roll 1d20 to generate Fenrir gangsters in a given location:
			20%	  <04 	:: solo mule
						roll again for 50% on foot; or 50% vehicular (Nova)
			25%	05-09 	:: Fenrir Hit Squad comprised of 1d4 + 1 Collectors
						roll again for on foot, 50%; or vehicular, 50% (Nova)
			20%	10-13 	:: Fenrir Crime Gang comprised of 1d6 Collectors
						roll again for on foot, 50%; or vehicular, 50% (Nova)
			10%	14,15	:: Fenrir Shock Team comprised of 1d4 + 2 Bruisers
			10%	16,17	:: Fenrir Lieutenant (equipped with Nitro)
			10%	18,19	:: Fenrir Cleaner (equipped with Scorpion)
			5%	   20 	:: Fenrir Entourage comprised of 1d6 Collectors, 2 Bruisers, 1 Lieutenant

	Birdeaters (street gang - motorcycles)
		Birdeaters are highly territorial, and hostile unless racing - then, they’re apathetic at best.
		
		Roll 1d10 to generate Birdeaters in a given location:
			50%    :: Birdeaters patrolling in groups of 1d4 + 3
			20%    :: 
			10%
			10%
			10%


LOCALES
Nexus City:
	Today, the NEXUS, more commonly known as Nexus City, is one of the most diverse hotspots on the map. Originally a South American
	city-state used as a financial and legal haven, the region quickly became a proving ground for integrating bleeding edge technology
	into society for the global-industrial complex. Home to titans such as Taifun Augmentations, Wikus-Gibson Conglomerate, and Vorkuta
	Bio-Recycling, the labor requirement of these megacorporations is the only reason the sprawl is maintaining a positive population
	growth rate.

	Census data shows 27% South American, 22% Asian, and 19% Eastern European majority populations. Roughly one in three human residents
	possesses some kind of genetic, mechanical, or cybernetic upgrade. Since 2046, the McKnight Act requires all persons possessing a
	visa and/or labor-living contract to undergo licensed PAN micro-augmentation.

	Nexus City is organized in a manner typical of port cities, stratified with the working class occupying districts close to
	industrial centers and the literal lower districts of the city (the most dramatic example being the quarantined Old City) while more
	affluent populations gather in isolated areas and thickets of supertall skyscrapers. However, evidence of the unorthodox origins of
	Nexus City can be found in its floodwalls - which safeguard low-lying factory centers - and its industrial acropoli. No other flood
	protection measures are taken to such a degree anywhere in the city, even in the case of the Quarantine Zone or Miyuki Castle.

	The official language of Nexus City is Collective Economic English due to the presence of internationally operating businesses, but
	residents also capably speak Kanto Japanese, Venezolano Spanish, Redentor Português, and Artisan Trade Polish. Lower-class districts
	have rapidly developed a local creole of these four languages known as Nasztachi.


	Pulse Sector (crime level: 5)
		Once the heart of the local industrial economy, the loss of numerous storage and processing facilities in the now-abandoned
		Sunken District hit the Pulse Sector hard. But thanks to the completion of the Orbital Tether and Cradle Harbor, the area
		has seen a gradual renewal. One of the more diverse of Nexus City’s five Sectors, Pulse is home to both the elite and the
		disenfranchised. Recently, the Birdeaters have taken to holding illegal races on the long roads that wind through the port
		and into the mountains, prompting an increase in Sécuretat activity.
			Orbital Tether			international spaceport
			Kołyska District		harbor & industrial facilities
			Sunken District			former Peninsular District, remodeled by Hurricane Virgilio
			Ibarazaki Plaza			mixed-class shopping and residential
			The Scaffold			vertical slum built into the side of the Floodwall
			Nishibashi			PLACEHOLDER

	Core Sector (crime level: 3)
		Host to the administrators of Nexus City, the Core is the poster-image of the Republique’s ideals. With clean streets,
		comfortably wealthy citizens, and classy shopping and business centers, the atmosphere is as phony as the various statues
		memorializing the corrupt and greedy who hold power. Despite its order, it is notorious for protests, as the main streets
		funnel traffic towards the République District and Miyuki Castle.
			Kyobashi			the best of Nexus City’s middle-class social scene
			Miyuki Castle			fortified estate of the royal family
			République District		administrative center of Nexus City
			Playa Azulado			part tourist destination, part construction hazard
			Botanical Park			sanctuary garden of San Luca’s original flora
			La Luz				high-end shopping, low-end bloc housing
			Financial District		“cyber Wall Street”
			Night Market			24-hour flea market

	Windward Sector (crime level: 7)
		Ostensibly the oldest and most-respected of Nexus City, the Windward Sector is stratification taken to its extreme. The
		entirety of the original San Luca downtown lies within a massive circular floodwall which does little to prevent inundation
		but is effective at draining water out of the rest of the city. Meanwhile the Wikus-Gibson acropolis, the supertalls of
		Ivory Island, and the Floodwall hem in the urban canyons, giving the sector a claustrophobic and oppressive feel.
			Midorihama			beachfront repurposed for e-waste dumping
			Wikus-Gibson Complex		fortified zaibatsu headquarters
			Ivory Island			enclave home to Nexus City’s bourgeois
			Canal District			PLACEHOLDER
			Red Quarter			PLACEHOLDER
			Barrio Antiguo (Quarantine)	former San Luca financial district
			Studio District                 PLACEHOLDER   
			Haven				network of refugee slums from the Autumn War

	Acropolis Sector (crime level: 8) 
			SunShyne Complex		fortified zaibatsu headquarters
			Floodgate District		crossroads and processing center for inland shipments
			Scrap Mile			primary Nexus City landfill and recycling center
			Ciudad Fábrica			PLACEHOLDER
			Nexus City Prison		PLACEHOLDER
			Crucible			ore and metal refinery/manufacturing

	Highland Sector (crime level: 9)
		Corralled by the river, the mountains, and the Floodwall itself, the Highland is quieter in traffic volume if not actual
		noise. Its occupancy cycles dramatically between the blue collar workers, the black collar outcasts, and the white collar
		elite, who each take it in turns to do their business, legal or otherwise
			Silicon Row			Nexus City’s biggest circuit printing facilities
			Angostas			PLACEHOLDER
			Aeschylus Complex		fortified zaibatsu headquarters
			Warehouse District		PLACEHOLDER
			The Narrows			dangerous even by Nexus standards
			Fringe				PLACEHOLDER
			Mori Heights			PLACEHOLDER
			Nexus City Skyport		PLACEHOLDER
			Ciudad Nikola			PLACEHOLDER
